Auto record works. However "stop" does stop transcription and recording, but resume does not resume transcription, only recording. Auto-stop doesn't work. The function seems not implemented or hooked. When the meeting ends, it should stop recording and transcribing.
Auto transcribe works, but only with gemini, not chirp 3 tts, nor local (ollama or better). Also when I pause the transcription, and resume, transcription doesnt. Also, no action items, nor summary, nor topics are generated real time. At the end of the conversation, there is nothing there. 
Clicking regenerate transcription, does nothing apparently... the transcription is deleted, so is topics and actions and summary, and the status gets into "ready to record". After a while, the transcription is done, and everything is completed, but no progress...
On the first transcription, the real time one, the diarization is not performed, or not consistently. The diarization should AT LEAST have in mind that there are at least two participants, one speaker locally over mic, and at least another speaker on the system audio feed (the other party), but what happens is that both are initially tagged as Speaker 1. It seems that after the transcription starts transcribing, randomly or semdomly random, every now and then, speaker 2 is detected, but not consistently. It should never detect speaker 1 in the system audio stream, but it currently does. So both parties get tagged as speaker 1 until or unless the llm corrects one line.
Doing "re-generate" of the transcription does not generate a summary. The generate summary button is white on white background and cannot be read, at least in dark mode (default). Clicking "Generate summary" does work, but it generates a summary using markdown, which the UI doesn´t show, only shows plain text.
Other usefull metadata should be able to be detected, filled, or even edited, like number of participants, subject of the meeting (auto generated), time and date (edit possibility?), calendar link or teams or web conference link, or even recording link or any other type of manual information or notes you want to add. 
Topics, Actions, Summary should be editable by hand. I cannot add things to it if I want. 